events: Update docs for beta release (#23036)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/events.mdx

...
```

## Policies

To subscribe, two capabilities must be granted by [policies](/vault/docs/concepts/policies):

1. the `read` capability on the `/v1/sys/events/subscribe/{eventType}` path, where `{eventType}` is the event type that will be
   subscribed to. The path may contain wildcards.

   An example blanket policy is:
   ```hcl
   path "sys/events/subscribe/*" {
       capabilities = ["read"]
   }
   ```

1. For events related to secrets, the `list` and `subscribe` capabilities must be granted on the *path of the secret*,
   and must contain a `subscribe_event_types` entry with the events the subscriber will be allowed to use.
   For example, to receive events related to the KV secrets engine path, `secret/my-data`, a policy could be:

   ```hcl
   path "secret/my-data" {
     capabilities = ["list", "subscribe"]
     subscribe_event_types = ["*"]
   }
   ```

-> Note: if the policy for the *path of the secret* also contains the `read` capability, we **may** include

>    the contents of the secret in the event payload in a future version of Vault.

Author: The `Highlight` stops all Markdown formatting from occurring. I like the way the `Highlight` looks though. But, a downside is that it is not possible to replicate the full backtick formatting (as far as I can tell) due to the way mdx processes the markdown.

Policies are continuously evaluated for the WebSocket subscription while it is running.
These checks are cached for a short period of time for performance reasons, so it is possible that
events may be sent for a few minutes after a token has been revoked or a policy has been deleted.

## Supported versions

> In Vault 1.15+, events are enabled by default.
> 
> For Vault 1.13 and 1.14, events are disabled by default when starting a Vault server and can be
> enabled via the `events.alpha1` [experiment option](/vault/docs/configuration#experiments) in the Vault
> configuration or on the command-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Version | Support
------- | -------
<= 1.12 | Not supported
1.13    | Supported; **disabled** by default
1.14    | Supported; **disabled** by default
1.15+   | Supported; **enabled** by default

For versions where events are disabled by default, you can enable the
functionality with the `events.alpha1`
[experiment option](/vault/docs/configuration#experiments) in your Vault
configuration or from the command line with the `-experiments` flag. For example:
```

Style correction: make key information easy to scan

```shell-session
$ vault server -experiment events.alpha1
```

| Vault Version | Support                                     |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| <= 1.12       | Not supported                               |
| 1.13–1.14     | Supported (with `events.alpha1` experiment) |

> | 1.15+         | Supported                                   |

Reviewer: Suggest moving the table to before the example command so it's clearer to folks whether or not the command example is relevant to them
